understanding_aardvark	Pawel	Odziomek	x	Attea	Unknown	Unknown
reliable_armadillo	Stefan	Zlatkovic	x	Field Middle School	GBS	Unknown
easy_barracuda	Kristelle	Widjaja	x	Maple School	GBN	Unknown
amazed_bee	Alex	Lukas	x	Springman	GBS	Unknown
free_butterfly	Nathan	Stupnitsky 	x	Wood Oaks	GBN	Unknown
sympathetic_cassowary	G1Student-1	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
interested_chamois	G1Student-2	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
satisfied_chinchilla	Chad	Park	x	Attea	GBS	Unknown
receptive_giraffe	Anna	Bozarth	x	Field Middle School	GBN	Unknown
accepting_crab	Mia	Margulis	x	Field School	GBN	Unknown
kind_curlew	Kaylee	Hwang	x	Maple Shcool	GBN	Unknown
concerned_dogfish	Joshua	Rosenthal	x	Springman Middle School	GBS	Unknown
affected_dragonfly	Vivian	Zhao	x	Wood Oaks Junior High	GBN	Unknown
fascinated_eagle	G2Student-1	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
intrigued_elephant	G2Student-2	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
absorbed_ferret	Jonathan 	Wang	x	Attea	GBS	Unknown
inquisitive_fly	Humza	Chinwalla	x	Field middle school	GBN	Unknown
engrossed_gazelle	Jaymin	Choi	x	Maple	GBS	Unknown
curious_gnu	Morgan	Gricius	x	NBJH	GBN	Unknown
big_goose	Darina	S.	x	Springman Middle School	GBS	Unknown
eager_grouse	G3Student-1	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
keen_hare	G3Student-2	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
earnest_herring	Catesby	Conant	x	Attea Middle School	GBS	Unknown
intent_human	Neel	Gandhi	x	Field Middle School	GBN	Unknown
inspired_ibis	Aaron 	Lee	x	Maple	GBN	Unknown
determined_jellyfish	Abhimanyu	Khurana	x	NBJH	GBN	Unknown
excited_kookabura	Martin	Gonzalez	x	St. Norbert School	Loyola	Unknown
enthusiastic_lark	G4Student-1	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
bold_llama	G4Student-2	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
brave_louse	Shuja	Raina	x	Attea Middle School	GBS	Unknown
daring_manatee	James	Grayes	x	Field Middle School	GBS	Unknown
optimistic_meerkat	Sebastian	Mark	x	Maple School	GBN	Unknown
free_mule	Ella	Kaled	x	The Science and Arts Academy 	Unknown	Unknown
sure_octopus	G5Student-1	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
certain_ostrich	G5Student-2	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
rebellious_panther	Jongho	Lee	x	Field	GBN	Unknown
unique_pelican	Isaac	Mathew	x	Field Middle School	GBS	Unknown
dynamic_pigeon	Nicole	Rogoff	x	Maple school	GBN	Unknown
tenacious_quail	Stephanie	Zhou	x	NBJH	GBN	Unknown
hardy_raccoon	William (Billy)	Drakopoulos	x	Wood Oaks	GBN	Unknown
secure_raven	G6Student-1	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown
confident_rhinoceros	G6Student-2	:)	x	Unknown	Unknown	Unknown